tuning: recommend minimum browser specs (#1290)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/best-practices/rancher-server/tuning-and-best-practices-for-rancher-at-scale.md

It's best to run etcd on exactly three nodes, as adding more nodes will reduce operation speed. This may be counter-intuitive to common scaling approaches, but it's due to etcd's [replication mechanisms](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.5/faq/#what-is-maximum-cluster-size).

Etcd performance will also be negatively affected by network latency between nodes as that will slow down network communication. Etcd nodes should be located together with Rancher nodes.

### Browser requirements

At high scale Rancher will transfer more data from the upstream cluster to UI components running in the browser, and those will also need to perform more processing.

For best performance, ensure that the host running the hardware meets these requirements:
 - 2020 i5 10th generation Intel (4 cores) or equivalent

>  - 8 GB RAM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - 8 GB RAM
```
Added non-breaking space as recc'd by Review Dog

>  - Total network bandwith to the upstream cluster: 72 Mb/s (equivalent to a single 802.11n Wi-Fi 4 link stream, ~8 MB/s http download throughput)
>  - Round-trip time (ping time) from browser to upstream cluster: 150ms or less

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Total network bandwith to the upstream cluster: 72 Mb/s (equivalent to a single 802.11n Wi-Fi 4 link stream, ~8 MB/s http download throughput)
 - Round-trip time (ping time) from browser to upstream cluster: 150 ms or less
```
More spaces
